docs(cli): add dev-contracts to newdocs (#1877)
latticexyz/mud: next-docs/pages/cli/dev-contracts.mdx

  # development. Please do not commit changes to this file!
  #
  # Anvil default private key:
  PRIVATE_KEY=0x59c6995e998f97a5a0044966f0945389dc9e86dae88c7a8412f4603b6b78690d
  ```

You also need to specify a URL to the blockchain.
Again, there are several ways to do this:

- Use the `--rpc <url>` command line parameter.
- Specify the URL as the `eth_rpc_url` value [in the `local` profile in `foundry.toml`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/config/).
- Do not specify an RPC at all, in which case `mud dev-contracts` starts an [`anvil`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/anvil/) instance for you.

These are the command line options you can specify on `mud dev-contracts`:

| Option                  | Meaning                                  | Type    | Default value                                                                                |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--version`             | Show version number                      | boolean | `false`                                                                                        |

> | `--configPath`          | Path to the config file                  | string  | `foundry.toml`                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--configPath`          | Path to the config file                  | string  | `mud.config.ts`                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: missed this one in the `mud deploy` docs, we also need to update it there

Author: https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/pull/1903

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing it over there. We also need to fix it here though.
